[docs] Communication subsystem docs update for MDL-78551 (#925)
moodle/devdocs: docs/apis/subsystems/communication/index.md

:::

## Hooks

The Communication API takes advantage of the [Hooks API](../../plugintypes/communication/index.md) with actions performed in the following way:

> 1. Actions in core have their own hook dispatched (e.g. enrol, change role, add to group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Actions in core have their own hook dispatched (for example, enrol, change role, add to group).
```

> 2. Hooks are then registered to a particular callback (`lib/db/hooks.php`).

Reviewer: As this is a generic location where more hooks will be stored (not just the ones affecting communication), shouldn't it be mentioned explaining how to identify the communication ones? ;-)

Author: Hi @sarjona 
I didn't create any communication-specific hooks, for example, hooks related to enrolment were, before enrolment, after enrolment, they were all generic. 
I have added a forth point to mention that.

:::

### Create and configure a room according to the provider

There are cases where the provider is changed for a communication instance. For example, previously the provider was set to _Provider A_ and now it has changed to _Provider B_. In this case, the room and its members need to be configured according to the new provider. Without any extra logic needed, the method `$communication->configure_room_and_membership_by_provider()` takes care of this in the following way:

1. Communication provider is changed from _Provider A_ to _Provider B_.

> 2. New room is created in _Provider A_.

Reviewer: Is this correct? From the example I understood that Provider B was the new one, so I find it weird creating a new room in Provider A...

Author: A and B typo, resolved.
